After a year values we're going to look at our GM values.
And even though they look exactly the same they in fact perform quite differently.
Number four we actually go over theory.
Let's just do a small test now.
For now we have the relative which would be an M which would depend on a parent.
Let's change this around.
Let's say that this value again is gonna be to our homes.
So on the when we change it.
Notice again something interesting.
So now both of them are again exactly the same.
So the first key about our home values is that they will not depend on a parent.
So I can change this all day long.
I can say that Dave should have 40 and nothing is going to change.
What does matter is as I'm working with my root of the dog.
Now our case what is the root of the document.
Whenever we're looking at our document I believe this is gonna be the e-mail.
So instead if I'm gonna go and say that or the Asian e-mail is we would like to change it and let's
say instead of 16 pixels which again comes by default from the browsers the same way how we looked at
the M values we can say let's say that the font size is going to be I don't know not 16 but we're gonna
go with I don't know 32.
So let's.
Right.
Font size 32 pixels.
And let's see what we're gonna have.
And now obviously this is gonna be 64 pixels.
Now how do we know that.
Well if I'm gonna go head over here and we're gonna change it again from 30 to 64 we'll see that.
Now they are exactly the same.
So what's happening is it's the same system.
So whatever we have here as a font size original for the actual root of the document this is gonna be
either doubled if we're going to our aims or we we're going with one point five more we'll just need
to do the math when we calculate how much is one point five from the thirty two.
And I believe this is gonna be like 48 and again we can test this out and we can say that this is going
to be 48 and now both of them should match.
So what's happening is that with our E.M. values again we're not depending on a parent we are depending
on our route which in a document is going to be HD email.
Now what's also going to happen is not say that I'm going to get rid of this e-mail and I'm going to
keep this.
First of all again as I don't know two or three times now I'm also gonna keep it here.
I'm gonna say that this value is also gonna be 32 pixels.
So I'd like to set them side by side.
Both of them should be equal.
However if you a user again is going gonna head over to the settings and in the settings he or she is
gonna change it with a very large check this out.
Now obviously this is much more bigger because again we're doing the same thing we're changing this
default browser style setup for the pixels.
I'm sorry for the font so it's not any more 16 pixels but in fact we change it to the bigger font size.
So right away the values with our VM got bigger.